hello guys like I said I know a good
tutorial to tell you Hana obviously I'm
knocking no play no I ambition show
usually piece of tricks or tricks of the
trade um first I always suggest always
always fix it yep later but i always
suggest like your prisoners cannot leave
that's just me is it which is all the
center-field always build an 82 because
that's simplistic i'm usually start out
with wandering carry an old East one
something over this is
always good
how's your sat building will always get
the brunette these are the pieces you do
need your space and such a building
always do that this makes was two and
two on my girl thank you items money but
you always enter these boots bill 20
he's apparently and spooning yeah
appendix to build on
make that point I even and what you're
doing we need these bill that needs that
building this amazing building in this
game and flies away autumn an area of
always always I was with this building
don't no matter what get this going like
a movie always 2020 and when you get up
get up always me I was made for too long
so you know get those over me as I can
be important do a few hundred became
better and different variants such oh
it's always good to your chromosomes
that's for my soul
oh yes oh you should put your guards I
would suggest almost seven good-looking
one time so I'm gonna get some records
you always make sure this works like and
so you go here we just change your good
swings now this one is then rich man you
just changes a plane and suggestively
they even for each wing zone and two
grades two days John dude and do that
goodbye eyes when you can watch a friend
indeed animal go with me doesn't look
good I hope you feel specific